Our edit functionality is looking pretty good.
So once again we're going to do a quick copy paste of some updated code just to apply some better styling
to our form.
So as usual that changes that we're about to make.
Coming from this file that we're going to download totally identical in function in nature.
The only difference is some additional HCM L and some classes so attached to this video you're going
to find a file called something like AECOM 0 7 9 template that's it.
Make sure you download that file unzip it and inside there you'll find a file called edit dot J.S. so
I'm going to take that file drag and drop it into my editor I'm going to select everything inside of
here.
Copy it.
I'm gonna go back to my edit dot j ust file for my project going to select everything inside of here.
Delete it and then paste when I paste I get a little broken formatting here some is going to fix it
up really quickly.
There we go.
I'll go ahead and save this.
I'm going to go back over to my browser.
I'll hit the edit button right here and that looks a lot better.
So I see edit a product.
The title price an image and once again I can still say delete the title in the price attempt to submit
and I still see the validation messages appear okay.
So definitely a good improvement on the styling side of things so quick pause right here.
And once again continue in just a moment.